Release 2.47.0 (#197)
blackbaud/auth-client: CHANGELOG.md

# 2.47.0 (2021-06-03)

> - Style changes and automatically display vertical nav for `tcs`. [#196](https://github.com/blackbaud/auth-client/pull/196)

Reviewer: Usually we start the changelog entries with one of a few standard verbs. Would that work here as well?
```suggestion
- Update styles and automatically display the vertical nav for `tcs`. [#196](https://github.com/blackbaud/auth-client/pull/196)
```
